fix: static white meter story and corrected fill colors (#2965)
adobe/spectrum-css: .changeset/lucky-jeans-happen.md

---
"@spectrum-css/progressbar": patch
---

> - Adds a staticWhite story to meter.
> - Enforces the progress bar fill colors for meter in the `is-positive`, `is-negative`, and `is-notice` stories. They now follow `spectrum-progressbar-fill-color-white`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enforces the correct static white progress bar fill color for meter when it is using both the `spectrum-ProgressBar--staticWhite` class and one of the `is-positive`, `is-negative`, or `is-notice` classes. 
- Adds a static white story to meter.
```
I'm trying to find a better way to word this. You might be able to do better. The fill color bullet point was not mentioning that it was for static white, and probably shouldn't mention "stories".
